=head1 NAME

B<Evented::Object::Collection> - represents a group of pending
L<Evented::Object> callbacks.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L</Collections> are returned by the evented object 'prepare' methods. They
represent a group of callbacks that are about to be fired. Using collections
allows you to prepare a fire ahead of time before executing it. You can also
fire events with special options this way.

=head1 METHODS


=head2 $col->fire(@options)

Fires the pending callbacks with the specified options, if any. If the callbacks
have not yet been sorted, they are sorted before the event is fired.

 $eo->prepare(some_event => @arguments)->fire('safe');

B<Parameters>

=over

=item *

B<options>: I<optional>, a mixture of boolean and key:value options for the
event fire.

=back

B<@options>

=over

=item *

B<caller>: I<requires value>, use an alternate C<[caller 1]> value for the event
fire. This is typically only used internally.

=item *

B<return_check>: I<boolean>, if true, the event will yield that it was stopped
if any of the callbacks return a false value. Note however that if one callbacks
returns false, the rest will still be called. The fire object will only yield
stopped status after all callbacks have been called and any number of them
returned false.

=item *

B<safe>: I<boolean>, wrap all callback calls in C<eval> for safety. if any of
them fail, the event will be stopped at that point with the error.

=item *

B<fail_continue>: I<boolean>, if C<safe> above is enabled, this tells the fire
to continue even if one of the callbacks fails. This could be dangerous if any
of the callbacks expected a previous callback to be done when it actually
failed.

=item *

B<data>: I<requires value>, a scalar value that can be fetched by
C<< $fire->data >> from within the callbacks. Good for data that might be useful
sometimes but not frequently enough to deserve a spot in the argument list. If
C<data> is a hash reference, its values can be fetched conveniently with
C<< $fire->data('key') >>.

=back

=head2 $col->sort

Sorts the callbacks according to C<priority>, C<before>, and C<after> options.

=head1 AUTHOR

L<Mitchell Cooper|https://github.com/cooper> <cooper@cpan.org>

Copyright E<copy> 2011-2017. Released under BSD license.

Comments, complaints, and recommendations are accepted. Bugs may be reported on
L<GitHub|https://github.com/cooper/evented-object/issues>.
