=head1 COMPATIBILITY

Although Evented::Object attempts to maintain compatibility for an extended period of
time, a number of exceptions do exist.

=head2 Asynchronous improvements 1.0+

Evented::Object 1.* series and above are incompatible with the former versions.
Evented::Object 1.8+ is designed to be more thread-friendly and work well in asyncrhonous
programs, whereas the previous versions were not suitable for such uses.

The main comptability issue is the arguments passed to the callbacks. In the earlier
versions, the evented object was always the first argument of all events, until
Evented::Object 0.6 added the ability to pass a parameter to C<< ->attach_event() >> that
would tell Evented::Object to omit the object from the callback's argument list.

=head2 Introduction of fire info 1.8+

The Evented::Object series 1.8+ passes a hash reference C<$fire> instead of the
Evented::Object as the first argument. C<$fire> contains information that was formerly
held within the object itself, such as C<event_info>, C<event_return>, and C<event_data>.
These are now accessible through this new hash reference as C<< $fire->{info} >>,
C<< $fire->{return} >>, C<< $fire->{data} >>, etc. The object is now accessible with
C<< $fire->{object} >>. (this has since been changed; see below.)

Events are now stored in the C<eventedObject.events> hash key instead of C<events>, as
C<events> was a tad bit too broad and could conflict with other libraries.

In addition to these changes, the C<< ->attach_event() >> method was deprecated in version
1.8 in favor of the new C<< ->register_callback() >>; however, it will remain in
Evented::Object until at least the late 2.* series.

=head2 Alias changes 2.0+

Version 2.0 breaks things even more because C<< ->on() >> is now an alias for
C<< ->register_callback() >> rather than the former deprecated C<< ->attach_event() >>.

=head2 Introduction of fire objects 2.2+

Version 2.2+ introduces a new class, Evented::Object::EventFire, which provides several
methods for fire objects. These methods such as C<< $fire->return >> and
C<< $fire->object >> replace the former hash keys C<< $fire->{return} >>,
C<< $fire->{object} >>, etc. The former hash interface is no longer supported and will
lead to error.

=head2 Removal of ->attach_event() 2.9+

Version 2.9 removes the long-deprecated C<< ->attach_event() >> method in favor of the
more flexible C<< ->register_callback() >>. This will break compatibility with any package
still making use of C<< ->attach_event() >>.

=head2 Rename to Evented::Object 3.54+

In order to correspond with other 'Evented' packages, EventedObject was renamed to
Evented::Object. All packages making use of EventedObject will need to be modified to use
Evented::Object instead. This change was made pre-CPAN.

=head2 Removal of deprecated options 5.0+

Long-deprecated callback options may no longer behave as expected in older versions.
Specifically, Evented::Object used to try to guess whether it should insert the event
fire object and evented object to the callback arguments. Now, it does not try to guess
but instead only listens to the explicit options.
